Rewrite README and simplify GitHub Token setup (#3058)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: README.md

**Use GOV.UK Docker to run any commands that follow.**

### Running the app

You will need a GitHub auth token to build the project or run the full test suite,

> otherwise you will find yourself rate limited. You can create one [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new). It doesn't need any permissions.

Reviewer: `here` links are a pet peeve of mine - how about this?

```suggestion
You will need to [create a GitHub auth token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) to build the project or run the full test suite, otherwise you will find yourself rate limited. Your token doesn't need any permissions.
```

Author: OK, I've amended that this time. For next time, could you explain your reasoning? I don't mind either way.

Reviewer: Thanks. Basically they're not very accessible: https://granicus.com/blog/why-click-here-links-are-bad/
Screen reader users can navigate pages by links, and so "here" doesn't make sense out of context, whereas "create a GitHub auth token" does. It's also a little bit more scannable to a sighted person, if they know the link to create a GitHub token is somewhere on the page; the link should pop out.

Author: Ah, that's really interesting. Thanks for taking the time to explain, I'll incorporate that into my future linking practices.

> Store the token in a `.env` file like this:

Reviewer: Game changer 🎉
